README.md, before:

<a href="https://uwuifier.com">
    <img src="https://uwuifier.com/logo-large.png" alt="Uwuifier logo" title="Uwuifier" align="right" height="60" />
</a>

Uwuifier
======================
[![NPM Version][npm-image]][npm-url]

This lightweight package allows you to uwuify any sentence or word (excluding URL's) with many configurable parameters while giving access to many vewy kawaii sentences and faces! You can view a demo on https://uwuifier.com.

This package uses a seeded random generator to ensure all results will be the same, this package also analyses the casing of every sentence to ensure letter casing will still look correct even when the string is uwuified. If you've got any more suggestions on how to improve this package, please create an issue on our GitHub page!

This repository contains the Uwuifier NPM package, it's written in TypeScript and compiled into JavaScript, makes use of Jest for testing the code and is deployed on NPM.

&nbsp;

# Table of content

- [Example](#example)
- [Quick start](#quick-start)
- [Constructor](#constructor)
- [Functions](#functions)
- [License](#license)

&nbsp;

# Example

### Normal very boring text:
> This lightweight package allows you to uwuify any sentence or word (excluding URL's) with many configurable parameters while giving access to many vewy kawaii sentences and faces! This test sentence demonstrates the capabilities of the uwuifier package.

### Very kawaii text:
> This vewy wightweight package a-awwows you t-to owo uwuify ;;w;; any sentence (・\`ω´・) ow wowd (excwuding UWW's) with many configuwabwe pawametews whiwe giving access t-to many vewy kawaii sentences and faces!!11 This test sentence demonstwates x3 the capabiwities of x3 the uwuifiew \*sweats\* package.

&nbsp;

# Quick start

## CDN

You can import Uwuifier in your HTML using UNPKG by including this script tag in the header.

```html 
<script src="https://unpkg.com/uwuifier>"></script>
```

## JavaScript

To use Uwuifier in Node, JavaScript or TypeScript you firstly have to install it using NPM.

```bash
npm install uwuifier
```

Then we can import Uwuifier in our project.

```js
// Import the Uwuifier package
import Uwuifier from 'uwuifier';

// Create a "Uwuifier" instance
const uwuifier = new Uwuifier();

// Uwuifiy a sentence
console.log(uwuifier.uwuifySentence('This package is amazing!'));
```

&nbsp;

# Constructor

If you don't provide the Uwuifier constructor with an object it will use the default values. Below we've included an example of what a valid constructor object with the default values would look like while elaborating on it. We recommend taking a look at the [functions](#functions) section of our documentation, since there is a function for every object property that is passed into the constructor:

```javascript
const uwuifier = new Uwuifier({
    spaces: {
        faces: 0.5,
        actions: 0.075,
        stutters: 0.1
    },
    words: 1,
    exclamations: 1
 });
 ```
 
 #### spaces
 The `spaces` property is the most advanced property, at every space we can either: add an action to the string \*notices buldge\*, add a s-s-stutter to the start of the word, or we can add a face UwU. This means that the combined value of all the three children properties must be equal or below 1. It should be noted that the default actions, faces, and exclamations can be modified by accessing and changing the public properties `actions`, `faces`, and `exclamations`.
 
 #### words
 The `words` property affects what percentage of Regex matches get uwuified, the default value is 1 which means that every character that matches the Regex gets replaced. To gain a deeper understanding of what this Regex does please take a look at the `uwuifyWords` function in the documentation.
 
#### exclamations
The `exclamations` property determines what percentage of exclamations get replaced with a more 'expressive' exclamation from our internal array. It should be noted that the default actions, faces, and exclamations can be modified by accessing and changing the public properties `actions`, `faces`, and `exclamations`.
 
&nbsp;

# Functions

**Warning**: All functions besides the default `uwuifySentence` function function might mangle a URL if it includes exclamations, spaces, or certain characters. It should also be noted that every function in this package could mangle other data such as phone-numbers, names, addresses, or any other credentials.

## **`uwuifySentence(string)`**

The `uwuifySentence` function combines all three other functions (`uwuifyWords`, `uwuifySpaces` and `uwuifyExclamations`) into one, it also filters out any URL's. This is also why it's the easiest function to quickly get you started on your weeaboo journey.

**Normal**:
> The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.

**Uwuified**:
> *sees buldge* the wandom sentence genyewatow g-genyewated a wandom sentence about a wandom sentence?!!

&nbsp;

### `uwuifyWords(string)`

The `uwuifyWords` function only runs a Regex on certain characters, by lowering the `wordsModifier` value from the default 1 only a certain percentage of characters will be modified, a value of 0.9 causes only 90% of matching characters to be modified.

**Normal**:
> The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.

**Uwuified (`uwuifyWord`)**:
> The wandom sentence genyewatow genyewated a wandom sentence about a wandom sentence!

&nbsp;

### `uwuifySpaces(string)`

The `uwuifyWords` function does most of the work! It adds random s-s-stutters to certain words, adds *notices buldge* actions in between words, and adds random faces in between words UwU. It should be noted that the default actions, faces, and exclamations can be modified by accessing and changing the public properties `actions`, `faces`, and `exclamations`.

**Normal**:
> The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.

**Uwuified (`uwuifySpaces`)**:
> *sees buldge* the :3 random sentence generator g-generated a :3 random sentence about a :3 random sentence!

&nbsp;

### `uwuifyExclamations(string)`

The `uwuifyExclamations` function only replaces exclamations with more 'expressive' exclamations. It should be noted that the default actions, faces, and exclamations can be modified by accessing and changing the public properties `actions`, `faces`, and `exclamations`.

**Normal**:
> The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.

**Uwuified (`uwuifyExclamations`)**:
> The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence?!!

&nbsp;

# Acknowledgement

I was inspired to write this god awful package by [this](https://honk.moe/tools/owo.html) site, I would've given full credit but it appears he got most of the Regex from the OwO Google Chrome extension made by leafysweetsgarden, I would include a link but the page is offline. So short story short: I'd like to give a big thanks to leafysweetsgarden for the Regex and the inspiration! 

&nbsp;

# License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the
[LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

[npm-image]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/uwuifier.svg
[npm-url]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/uwuifier

Commit message:

docs: remove CDN section
We have removed support for UMD with v3.0

Also added more information and made a couple changes.

README.md, after:

<a href="https://uwuifier.com">
    <img src="https://uwuifier.com/logo-large.png" alt="Uwuifier logo" title="Uwuifier" align="right" height="60" />
</a>

Uwuifier
======================
[![NPM Version][npm-image]][npm-url]

This lightweight package allows you to uwuify any sentence or word (excluding URL's) with many configurable parameters while giving access to many vewy kawaii sentences and faces! You can view a demo on https://uwuifier.com.

This package uses a seeded random generator to ensure all results will be the same, this package also analyses the casing of every sentence to ensure letter casing will still look correct even when the string is uwuified. If you've got any more suggestions on how to improve this package, please create an issue on our GitHub page!

This repository contains the Uwuifier NPM package, it's written in TypeScript and compiled into JavaScript, makes use of Jest for testing the code and is deployed on NPM.

&nbsp;

# Table of content

- [Example](#example)
- [Quick start](#quick-start)
- [Constructor](#constructor)
- [Functions](#functions)
- [License](#license)

&nbsp;

# Example

### Normal very boring text:
> This lightweight package allows you to uwuify any sentence or word (excluding URL's) with many configurable parameters while giving access to many vewy kawaii sentences and faces! This test sentence demonstrates the capabilities of the uwuifier package.

### Very kawaii text:
> This vewy wightweight package a-awwows you t-to owo uwuify ;;w;; any sentence (・\`ω´・) ow wowd (excwuding UWW's) with many configuwabwe pawametews whiwe giving access t-to many vewy kawaii sentences and faces!!11 This test sentence demonstwates x3 the capabiwities of x3 the uwuifiew \*sweats\* package.

&nbsp;

# Quick start

## Node
Install with NPM or with any other package manager of choice.
```bash
npm install uwuifier
```

## Deno
We also have a Deno package available. For more information visit:
https://github.com/Schotsl/Uwuifier-deno

## JavaScript

#### Node
```js
import Uwuifier from 'uwuifier';
// or
const Uwuifier = require('uwuifier');
```

#### Web
```js
import Uwuifier from 'https://unpkg.com/uwuifier';
```

```js
// Create a "Uwuifier" instance
const uwuifier = new Uwuifier();

// Uwuifiy a sentence
console.log(uwuifier.uwuifySentence('This package is amazing!'));
```

&nbsp;

# Constructor

If you don't provide the Uwuifier constructor with an object it will use the default values. Below we've included an example of what a valid constructor object with the default values would look like while elaborating on it. We recommend taking a look at the [functions](#functions) section of our documentation, since there is a function for every object property that is passed into the constructor:

```javascript
const uwuifier = new Uwuifier({
    spaces: {
        faces: 0.5,
        actions: 0.075,
        stutters: 0.1
    },
    words: 1,
    exclamations: 1
});
 ```
 
 #### spaces
 The `spaces` property is the most advanced property, at every space we can either: add an action to the string \*notices buldge\*, add a s-s-stutter to the start of the word, or we can add a face UwU. This means that the combined value of all the three children properties must be equal or below 1. It should be noted that the default actions, faces, and exclamations can be modified by accessing and changing the public properties `actions`, `faces`, and `exclamations`.
 
 #### words
 The `words` property affects what percentage of Regex matches get uwuified, the default value is 1 which means that every character that matches the Regex gets replaced. To gain a deeper understanding of what this Regex does please take a look at the `uwuifyWords` function in the documentation.
 
#### exclamations
The `exclamations` property determines what percentage of exclamations get replaced with a more 'expressive' exclamation from our internal array. It should be noted that the default actions, faces, and exclamations can be modified by accessing and changing the public properties `actions`, `faces`, and `exclamations`.
 
&nbsp;

# Functions

**Warning**: All functions besides the default `uwuifySentence` function function might mangle a URL if it includes exclamations, spaces, or certain characters. It should also be noted that every function in this package could mangle other data such as phone-numbers, names, addresses, or any other credentials.

## **`uwuifySentence(string)`**

The `uwuifySentence` function combines all three other functions (`uwuifyWords`, `uwuifySpaces` and `uwuifyExclamations`) into one, it also filters out any URL's. This is also why it's the easiest function to quickly get you started on your weeaboo journey.

**Normal**:
> The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.

**Uwuified**:
> *sees buldge* the wandom sentence genyewatow g-genyewated a wandom sentence about a wandom sentence?!!

&nbsp;

### `uwuifyWords(string)`

The `uwuifyWords` function only runs a Regex on certain characters, by lowering the `wordsModifier` value from the default 1 only a certain percentage of characters will be modified, a value of 0.9 causes only 90% of matching characters to be modified.

**Normal**:
> The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.

**Uwuified (`uwuifyWord`)**:
> The wandom sentence genyewatow genyewated a wandom sentence about a wandom sentence!

&nbsp;

### `uwuifySpaces(string)`

The `uwuifyWords` function does most of the work! It adds random s-s-stutters to certain words, adds *notices buldge* actions in between words, and adds random faces in between words UwU. It should be noted that the default actions, faces, and exclamations can be modified by accessing and changing the public properties `actions`, `faces`, and `exclamations`.

**Normal**:
> The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.

**Uwuified (`uwuifySpaces`)**:
> *sees buldge* the :3 random sentence generator g-generated a :3 random sentence about a :3 random sentence!

&nbsp;

### `uwuifyExclamations(string)`

The `uwuifyExclamations` function only replaces exclamations with more 'expressive' exclamations. It should be noted that the default actions, faces, and exclamations can be modified by accessing and changing the public properties `actions`, `faces`, and `exclamations`.

**Normal**:
> The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.

**Uwuified (`uwuifyExclamations`)**:
> The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence?!!

&nbsp;

# Acknowledgement

I was inspired to write this god awful package by [this](https://honk.moe/tools/owo.html) site, I would've given full credit but it appears he got most of the Regex from the OwO Google Chrome extension made by leafysweetsgarden, I would include a link but the page is offline. So short story short: I'd like to give a big thanks to leafysweetsgarden for the Regex and the inspiration! 

&nbsp;

# License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the
[LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

[npm-image]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/uwuifier.svg
[npm-url]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/uwuifier
